part 4 and pack openings down with two
boulders left full dark army
unbelievable alright let's see i'm gonna
guess this one be the middle one about
that cheese are sealed crap Susie take
long as crap just gonna skip all the way
to the last three why storm
break here every storm shadow that's
golden series one pack is it Maddie
golden surveys I didn't get you around
ready to fit you know all right slide 23
make sure you know one right there
let's see a storm swords in the dark
world flash card this would be the best
office 40 pack the box make sure their
control wait open one so you decode yes
it is ridiculous like open it shoot it's
unbelievable just look at it last three
cards because the first cars are usually
in cards cards and I just don't say less
three yeah all the Dark Worlds are
it all should be good you wanna get me
one you nasty little Sarge boom boom no
see I or the last cards blew over nice
ozium go change tributes there's the
last two what do you get cyber veil
football Samaritan chimeratech
overdragon Lucy you hire I got the blue
eyes I got another one actually but
still I got the car those worth like 200
bucks Eric armed dragon zoo breaker